I thought I would never get anything from you again
It's okay, I'm back
You're not hurt anymore
I'm fine. See you're fine.
If I hadn't had a wish to live
You can’t catch it unless you see it
As long as it's okay, it'll be okay, as long as it's okay, Brother Wu
Look, now the lover has been taken out
family member
It’s just that Brother Wu
Thank you, Your Majesty, for seeing me homeless and bullying me.
as promised
From now on I am Li Jia
It’s better than fully supporting the prince
With goodwill
power control board
The talisman cannot be moved to increase the fan's army.
But at least a third of the army has good intentions
Who will take advantage of this situation?
Who objects?
something
Hello, Your Majesty
I asked him to do it
Make his father happy
It was him yesterday
pick me up